Bump version to v0.4.0 (#851)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/notes/changelog.md

# Changelog of v0.x

## v0.4.0 (12/28/2022)

### Highlights

> - Registry support to import modules automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registry supports to import modules automatically
```

- Provide `ProfileHook` to profile the running process
- Upgrade the documentation and provide the English version

### New Features & Enhancements

- Add `conf_path` in PetrelBackend by @sunyc11 in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/774
- Support multiple `--cfg-options`. by @mzr1996 in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/759
- Support passing arguments to `OptimWrapper.update_params` by @twmht in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/796
- Make `get_torchvision_model` compatible with torch 1.13 by @HAOCHENYE in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/793
- Support `flat_decay_mult` and fix `bias_decay_mult` of depth-wise-conv in `DefaultOptimWrapperConstructor` by @RangiLyu in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/771

> - registry support import modules automatically. by @RangiLyu in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/643

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Registry supports importing modules automatically. by @RangiLyu in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/pull/643
```
